# Privacy Policy & Terms

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.

## Definitions

#### Service

Service is the Cinematic mobile application.

#### Personal Data

Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

#### Usage Data

Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

## Information Collected

#### Personal data

Our service collects no personal information.

#### Usage Data

Our service collects no data, however we do use the following third party services:

•[TMDB](https://www.themoviedb.org/privacy-policy?language=en-US)

## Payments

We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).

We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.

The payment processors we work with are:

• [App Store In-App Purchases](https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/)

• [RevenueCat](https://www.revenuecat.com/privacy)

## Consent

​
By using our site or apps, you consent to our privacy policy.
​

## Contacting Me

​
By contacting me in any of the following ways you are explicitly giving details of yourself (such as your account name or email address) and giving permission for me to answer any questions or comments you may have. These messages will possibly be stored, monitored, and used in accordance with the privacy policy of the service(s) used.

## Business Transfers

​
If Cinematic, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Cinematic may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
​

## Privacy Policy Changes

​
By using our site or apps, you consent to our privacy policy.

- **December 12, 2020:** First Published
